Translation corrections (#506)
07th-mod/higurashi-console-arcs: Update/kage_010.txt

//r…くすくすくす！　わかってるわよ、もちろん。それでいいわけないよね、全然。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "…くすくすくす！　わかってるわよ、もちろん。それでいいわけないよね、全然。",
			NULL, "...Heh heh heh! Of course, I know. There's no way you're okay with that, not at all.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rあれだけ一生懸命に想って、やっと通じたんだから。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "あれだけ一生懸命に想って、やっと通じたんだから。",
			NULL, "After pining for him so hard, your feelings finally got through to him.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rずっと慕い続けていた彼と、恋人同士になれたんだからね…？
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "ずっと慕い続けていた彼と、恋人同士になれたんだからね…？",

> 			NULL, "After all, you finally become a couple with the man whose affection you've always longed for, right...?", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "After all, you've finally become a couple with the man whose affection you've always longed for, right...?", Line_Normal);
```

//r…なんて、納得できる？　あははははは、できるわけないよねぇっ？！
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "…なんて、納得できる？　あははははは、できるわけないよねぇっ？！",
			NULL, "...Are you satisfied with that? Ahahahahaha. You could never be, right?!", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//夏美rvS08/36/320100400.『…できない…、できるもんか…っ！kvS08/36/320100401.　あんな…のせいで、あんなっ…！』
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#94a567>夏美</color>", NULL, "<color=#94a567>Natsumi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s08/36/320100400", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "『…できない…、できるもんか…っ！",

> 			NULL, "\"...I'm not... I never could be satisfied with that...!", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"...I'm not... I could never be satisfied with that...!", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s08/36/320100401", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "　あんな…のせいで、あんなっ…！』",

> 			NULL, " It's all... that... 's fault! All her...!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " It's all... her fault! All her...!\"", Line_Normal);
```

//rそうだ。誰も頼りになんかならない。助けてなんかくれない。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そうだ。誰も頼りになんかならない。助けてなんかくれない。",
			NULL, "Right. I can't rely on anyone. No one will help me.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//r『アイツ』がわめきたてる恐怖におののき、疑って嫌悪しながらも不安のあまり完全には拒絶できず、野放しにし続けてきたんだ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "『アイツ』がわめきたてる恐怖におののき、疑って嫌悪しながらも不安のあまり完全には拒絶できず、野放しにし続けてきたんだ。",

> 			NULL, "I've been leaving <i>that thing</i> to her own devices because no matter how much I feared her rants and doubted and was disgusted by her, I was too uneasy to completely reject her.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "I've been leaving <i>that thing</i> to her own devices because no matter how much I feared her rants, and felt doubt and disgust toward her, I was too uneasy to completely reject her.", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//r幸せになるための努力を放棄し、牛耳られることの気安さに屈したんだ！
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "幸せになるための努力を放棄し、牛耳られることの気安さに屈したんだ！",

> 			NULL, "I abandoned my pursuit of happiness and took the easy way out by submitting to her control!", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "I abandoned my pursuit of happiness and took the easy way out, submitting to her control!", Line_Normal);
```

//rそうだ、…『アイツ』はもう、私の知るおばーちゃんじゃない。もっと違う醜い汚い、人間以外の別の生き物だ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そうだ、…『アイツ』はもう、私の知るおばーちゃんじゃない。もっと違う醜い汚い、人間以外の別の生き物だ。",
			NULL, "Right... <i>that thing</i> is no longer the Grandma I know. It's an ugly, filthy, non-human creature.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rそれが家族の生皮を被って、我が物顔でこの家に居座っている…。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "それが家族の生皮を被って、我が物顔でこの家に居座っている…。",

> 			NULL, "She just pretends like she's one of us, sitting around like she owns the place...", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "She just pretends she's one of us, sitting around like she owns the place...", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#94a567>夏美</color>", NULL, "<color=#94a567>Natsumi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s08/36/320100434", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「うん。わかってるよ。",
			NULL, "\"Yeah. I know.", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s08/36/320100435", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "親戚みんなへの見栄で進学校に通わせて、毎日私を勉強漬けにさせたおかーさん」",
			NULL, " Mom, you're made me go to prep school and study hard every day so you could show off to all our relatives.\"", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//夏美rvS08/36/320100436.「出世に響くから、私の入院の理由を貧血症にしてごまかしたおとーさん。kvS08/36/320100437.…私、何か間違ってる？」
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#94a567>夏美</color>", NULL, "<color=#94a567>Natsumi</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 36, "ps3/s08/36/320100436", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「出世に響くから、私の入院の理由を貧血症にしてごまかしたおとーさん。",

> 			NULL, "\"And Dad, you lied that I was hospitalized for anemia because you were worried the real reason would undercut your career advancement.", Line_WaitForInput);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "\"And Dad, you lied and said I was hospitalized for anemia because you were worried the real reason would undercut your career advancement.", Line_WaitForInput);
```

	OutputLine(NULL, "『遊ぶくらいなら勉強しなさい』と言われ続けて、友達とも満足に遊べなかったおかげですっかり、人と話すのが苦手になってしまった。",
			NULL, "I was always told, \"You should be studying, not playing,\" so without a proper experience playing with friends, I developed difficulties talking with other people.", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rそのせいで、心が疲れて、荒んで、ボロボロになって…。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そのせいで、心が疲れて、荒んで、ボロボロになって…。",
			NULL, "And thanks to that, my heart grew strained, enraged, and torn apart...", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rついに入院することになって、色んな気持ち悪い薬と、ウンザリするようなカウンセリングの日々を重ねて…。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "ついに入院することになって、色んな気持ち悪い薬と、ウンザリするようなカウンセリングの日々を重ねて…。",
			NULL, "Then, I was finally hospitalized and subjected to various unpleasant medications, and forced into those tedious counseling sessions day after day...", Line_Normal);
	ClearMessage();

//rようやく治って、やっと少しは楽になれると思った途端に、…転勤を口実にまた、進学校への転校話が復活だ。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "ようやく治って、やっと少しは楽になれると思った途端に、…転勤を口実にまた、進学校への転校話が復活だ。",

> 			NULL, "And once I finally got better, it seemed like things would get a little easier... but you used a job transfer as an excuse to transfer me to a prep school, starting the whole thing all over again.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "And once I finally got better, it seemed like things would get a little easier... but you used a job change as an excuse to transfer me to a prep school, starting the whole thing all over again.", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//rあはははは。…やっぱりね。あなたたちは、何も反省していない。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "あはははは。…やっぱりね。あなたたちは、何も反省していない。",

> 			NULL, "Ahahahaha. ...I knew it. The two of you haven't regretted a thing.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Ahahahaha. ...I knew it. The two of you don't regret a thing.", Line_Normal);
```

	ClearMessage();

//rそして、ワタシが死に物ぐるいで地獄から這い上がっても、…それが自分たちのせいでこうなったんだと理解していない。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そして、ワタシが死に物ぐるいで地獄から這い上がっても、…それが自分たちのせいでこうなったんだと理解していない。",

> 			NULL, "And even as I desperately crawl up from the depths of Hell... you don't understand that it's your faults things turned out this way.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "And even as I desperately crawl up from the depths of Hell... you don't understand that it's your fault things turned out this way.", Line_Normal);
```

//r偉そうなこと言って綺麗事ばかり並べ立てていたくせに、結局最後は保身ですかっっ？！
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "偉そうなこと言って綺麗事ばかり並べ立てていたくせに、結局最後は保身ですかっっ？！",

> 			NULL, "She always talked down to me all high and mighty with one platitude after the next, but when it comes down to it, she's just acting in self-preservation?!", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "She always talked down to me all high and mighty with one platitude after the next, but when it really comes down to it, she's just acting in self-preservation?!", Line_Normal);
```

//rそう、これは不幸な事故。…だから、二人にとっては家族の死よりも、そのせいで今までの生活が失われることのほうが恐ろしくて、…ワタシの意のままに動いてくれた。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "そう、これは不幸な事故。…だから、二人にとっては家族の死よりも、そのせいで今までの生活が失われることのほうが恐ろしくて、…ワタシの意のままに動いてくれた。",

> 			NULL, "Yes, this is an unfortunate accident. ...So for the two of them, they're acting according to my will not because a family member died... but because they're afraid they'll lose their current lives as a result.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Yes, this is an unfortunate accident. ...So for the two of them, they're acting according to my will not because a family member died... but because they're afraid they'll lose their current way of life as a result.", Line_Normal);
```

	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLine("<color=#f5e6d3>夏美の父</color>", NULL, "<color=#f5e6d3>Natsumi's dad</color>", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s08/00/320700018", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "「私は、早くこの悪夢から目覚めたい…その一心で…。",
			NULL, "\"I want to awaken from this nightmare as soon as possible... That's all I want...", Line_WaitForInput);
	ModPlayVoiceLS(4, 0, "ps3/s08/00/320700019", 256, TRUE);
	OutputLine(NULL, "もうこれ以上罪を重ねることに、私は耐えられないんだ！」",

> 			NULL, " And I can't bear adding more sins to our conscience!\"", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, " And I can't bear the weight of more sins upon our consciences!\"", Line_Normal);
```

//rそれとも、小説で悲惨な末路が待っている時に、途中で読むのを止めるのと同じように、全て、『なかった』ことにしてしまうってのは？
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "それとも、小説で悲惨な末路が待っている時に、途中で読むのを止めるのと同じように、全て、『なかった』ことにしてしまうってのは？",

> 			NULL, "Or make it so that none of it ever <i>happened</i>, like a novel with a tragic ending you stop reading part way through?", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "Or make it so that none of it ever <i>happened</i>, like stopping a novel part way through when you know it has a tragic ending waiting for you?", Line_Normal);
```

//r家族に殺意を向けてしまったのは、自分たちのエゴでワタシを窮屈な檻に閉じ込めてしまった、おとーさんとおかーさんが悪いの。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "家族に殺意を向けてしまったのは、自分たちのエゴでワタシを窮屈な檻に閉じ込めてしまった、おとーさんとおかーさんが悪いの。",

> 			NULL, "It's all Mom and Dad's faults for turning me to murder. They're the ones who locked me in a cramped cage to suit their egos.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "It's all Mom and Dad's fault for turning me to murder. They're the ones who locked me in a cramped cage to suit their egos.", Line_Normal);
```

//rその音を阻むように、耳の奥で蜘蛛が這いずり回るような音が響き渡る。
	if (GetGlobalFlag(GADVMode)) { OutputLineAll("", NULL, Line_ContinueAfterTyping); }
	OutputLine(NULL, "その音を阻むように、耳の奥で蜘蛛が這いずり回るような音が響き渡る。",

> 			NULL, "A sound like a spider crawling in my ear echoed to block out that sound.", Line_Normal);

Reviewer: ```suggestion
			NULL, "That sound was blocked out by an echoing sound like a spider crawling in my ear.", Line_Normal);
```
